remember you're gonna want to do this
session today so you can just like these
these things so yes yeah so rate so look
at this these four right now or just
straight they're like well I'm just
saying like like those notes are look
like they're old like they were turned
off so these ones are turned on so these
are the four that we care about so if I
save this I say V to I just and then
that allows me to take this believe
everything you're right so now it's
[__] McLean was so much more
streamlined so what's logical so we
don't even need this audio traffic so
really I said to him I stopped all right
so now wait oh yeah yeah that is so
recording Oh to God some of the other
effects just cleaned it up yes this
mrs. started
hard letting this down let this down
yeah right this is pretty loose no all
right that's good
pink is think of global quantizations
right now today we'll come on the ones I
can give you the option to do an exploit
completely freely they're capable of
being on beat yeah but I think you
should start with mention I'm just for
the sample because it's a little bit a
nondescript I joined the sample so these
are yes so okay this is two boys towards
the end of the song this is another two
bars I think and then this one and then
this is two bars in the middle of the
song so they're just too dark clips of
unity by fingers actually got you got
you got you alright okay I'm going to
turn off the metronome once yeah you got
it
roll off
basically
all right hey-ya global back on way I'm
gonna be cute yeah okay turn the what do
you want Mike when I click it like your
son is now still some like oh no it's a
lot light in the lag that's making it
hard
I never like the reason why it's joke
no question because I
yeah
giving each other
[Music]
not even I just don't press that one
let's just let's put it down yeah I do
my body's ready yeah they're gonna do it
just uh yeah you have to stop all cliffs
which I've already doing alright you
good
I think it's unsolo something and that's
good oh it's this it's this wait try
this one
[Music]
it's actually
you know how to sue
this one has is it that it's the same
thing for the you know so remember this
is just a song and we take some random
points in the song
I lost the rear measurement I gotta find
it all right
he's been absolutely
[Music]
it's
that's because I could just check the
version one right you could say I'm
gonna do it because that'll be an easy
check right because it'd just be the
measure number of whatever that one was
there yeah I feel like we're making a
lot of progress
yeah this is really good so I'm show you
the end of no minute you say goodbye
myself through really while it was in
the New Year I say it dude that's such a
[__] that because as time goes on it
gets more and more mature stuff it was
measures 79 to 81 nice huge this is why
I wished that I wished it would say it
control you to go between this is just
dope thing where like if you have a text
document and you still hello in it and
you delete hell H and then you save it
again all that says is oh you deleted oh
so it's wait you guys start me it
doesn't see you don't just say I SAV one
SAV to you just store the difference as
they change and you can always go back
to that you changing yeah yeah instead
of saying it's a version could it's all
wonderful document with and that it
could have his base that was for between
the hell like okay so you should quickly
see no do people so we saw we really
just burned through
clients should sports wagering becomes
marketplace
never have been
a year
and it did not start
like
[Music]
restrain our using our area to start a
kiss and I started although maybe it's
just class maybe what you can do is go
back to this isn't
refrain ya
I know I'm gonna study soon it's 4
o'clock yeah yeah yeah I know dude fall
first chord
like them
the tower
- yeah
and then - yeah
yes
oh hey I just like like like 600 all
right
I got it for my graduation is so yeah
I'm so small why where did you get a do
you are you kidding me it was recording
because I always feel high always forget
this a nuclei I don't understand maybe
they don't understand a lot of it
if you press forward here and you start
playing it doesn't before it into the
timeline that's so dumb I know you have
to be in the time so I always forgets it
again
will your hope you are better and you
know about this thing now even you can
breach the listen challenges
one bite his face when you press it the
prison right after you away
you know oh my god
[Music]
you know you don't you definitely don't
want to be like you can go down you
definitely don't want to go okay I got
to do one more thing
see this cuz this still says a clip is
playing yeah this one's stopped all
closed Hey
[Music]
we're just like
yes the way everyone begins
I've done that
I guess
I bet against American tradition toys in
creating like so did you so
just add something
we drive
this one is I'm down division
it was myself on cables for Charlie my
cables
okay you're using his bike no they're
into the speakers they're using it up
into an audio all right well I had yeah
this is my question
this is okay I understand I'm relating
it to caged which is just a way to see
all but yeah it sounded right which is
pretty simple so then what I say is I'm
like okay you know rather than starting
on the root then like building the
skeletons knowing this is the next one I
say okay I'll just pick an A and I know
the chorus
an attack around that right but then if
you're playing over a progression and it
goes from a to the for a CD ABCD is a
good D then the question is do you find
a D do you stay in the key of E or if
you play you say to Kenan yeah extending
and you go to just another D and then
build the correspond then you be in the
key of D be a key piece when I've
managed like it's most of the song or a
good person of song is in one key and
then you suddenly change it just kind of
sounds a lot suits it should sound right
over the D chord playing D major you
know what I mean which is with some
Hollywood set but the issue is that in
the D so then you have a mode that
associates with that so if it's a fiver
to play the a Mixel is yeah yeah because
because the thing is all the notes it
not all the notes in the D major scale
right are in the a major exactly we're
taught the notes but the triad you're at
a dcor is when the dance up you play
just you just emphasize the way I see it
but you stay in the key I think I need
sickle on huh
yeah yeah I want to change
tap you're a baby back [__] well mom
babyback babyback babyback babyback oh
wow ah brother for Tony hasn't oh here's
a bong just you know out of respect for
the system of my elders dude actually
yeah and now I just know this the whole
time I just I'll be blasted becoming
really nice no my gosh oh I've had
different we do
oh yeah look at that happy because no I
know
look at that really goes crazy no
because that one time that one time I
was I did get super high from it like
that we were sitting in my room watching
yeah or something yeah that's why I came
here
yeah listen the export you always listen
Expo right when it's uploaded
[Applause]
[Music]
so trouble
[Applause]
I really like the idea that do tons of
layers of automation I never do it that
happy because you just go over it like
you record a one that ivory change it to
turn the knobs and you just keep doing
it and you hit the song it's like super
wide yeah
no this house just maybe I just
downloaded tank ocean
the reason why the difference between
one is sampling audio you're taking so
much audio and you're just using a digit
the another one is starting from nothing
and using
[Music]
I got my new bonus at month
I think that was like it's the
equivalent of my girls saying yeah you
know anyone's number I'll do you get
some from they're not doing your feet
from them on yeah
that's Lily what happened and just like
baseball I got a graduated manner in a
career I agree what I guess in the
stylist warps why gotta constantly
that's what he sent me up to our
Facebook page Facebook all right let me
what's up really please my god I don't
want to go too cruel I have to go to
Brian please stay here I'm fine with
that
yeah but if I stay here I'm just gonna
be here for a while I need to study too
you should you should do you just say
maybe I die which I do is just stay here
like that's obviously my opponent no
dignity really yeah you wanna meet you
guys in four hours before this backup
[__] I got food upstairs I got your
food [__] oh we're pokin here dude yeah
oh okay I get like 29 bar I wait yeah
yeah you do okay bring the PO can't wait
did you so twenty brothers she's hooking
it dude I'm addicted Joe and
[Music]
yeah zone and then hop he knows it's all
yeah I'm mostly in it for the fish in
the sauce really yeah
oh this color is nice
[Music]
[__] it how do you go to the boss now I
don't want his tips you streak it up his
feet every day
[Music]
I should point out like I usually don't
have CPU problem
because I know a game
[Music]
they have
nice
[Music]
Oh
yeah I think it's to do just take it up
a lot of
[Music]
are you ready
all right now we're gonna do you got
that track you want baby
right so I don't know what is the right
things to fight with it doesn't it
doesn't know what keeps all the market
[Music]
they streaming on us about the stream
you